DOCS-10628-mapObject-example-kt (#1928)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook-map-an-object-key.adoc

= Map Objects Key
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, aggregate, rename, split, filter convert, json, metadata, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, output structure, input structure, map, mapping, as

> This DataWeave example uses the `mapObject` function to iterate through an array of objects and appends a new object that matches a specified criteria value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DataWeave example uses the `mapObject` function to iterate through an array of objects and appends a new object that matches the value of the specified criteria.
```

//LINK TO DW 1.0 EXAMPLES:
include::partial$dataweave1-links.adoc[tag=dataweave1Examples]

> The input consists of a JSON formatted object with sheets, every sheet is an array of objects, for example, `(sheet)1`, `(sheet)2`, etc. Then the DataWeave script adds another object `append` as a last item to the matched sheet array where the sheet number equals to the value of the `Id` key of the `append` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input consists of a JSON object with sheets. The value of every sheet (for example, `(sheet)1`, `(sheet)2`) is an array of objects. The DataWeave script adds another object `append` as the last item to the matched sheet array if the sheet number equals to the value of the `Id` key of the `append` object.
```

Reviewer: The value of each key is an array of objects.  The keys are  `(sheet)1`, `(sheet)2`. 
I'm not clear how every `(sheet)1` or `(sheet)2` can be called an array of objects.

> The example uses the function `fun extractNumber` to extract the sheet number from the sheet page name `pageName`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example uses the function `fun extractNumber` to extract the sheet number from the sheet page name `pageName`. 
```

> Then the DataWeave function `mapObject` iterates every sheet in the root, and if the `extractNumber` equals to the `append.Id` value, then adds the `append` object to the matched sheet object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the DataWeave function `mapObject` iterates over every sheet in the root, and if the `extractNumber` equals to the `append.Id` value, the function adds the `append` object to the matched sheet object.
```
